Port PR 4488 to Serverless - adding k8s-otel quickstart guide (#4589)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/serverless/quickstarts/monitor-k8s-otel.asciidoc

====
+
Deploy the OpenTelemetry Operator and EDOT Collectors using the kube-stack Helm chart with the provided `values.yaml` file. You will run a few commands to:
+ 
 * Add the helm chart repository needed for the installation.
 * Create a namespace.
 * Create a secret with an API Key and the {es} endpoint to be used by the collectors.
 * Install the `opentelemetry-kube-stack` helm chart with the provided `values.yaml`.
 * Optionally, for instrumenting applications, apply the corresponding `annotations` as shown in {kib}.

[discrete]
== Visualize your data

After installation is complete and all relevant data is flowing into Elastic,
the **Visualize your data** section provides a link to the *[OTEL][Metrics Kubernetes]Cluster Overview* dashboard used to monitor the health of the cluster.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/quickstart-k8s-otel-dashboard.png[Kubernetes overview dashboard]

[discrete]
== Troubleshooting and more

> * For troubleshooting deployment and installation, refer to https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry/tree/main/docs/kubernetes/operator#installation-verification[installation verification].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To troubleshoot deployment and installation, refer to https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry/tree/main/docs/kubernetes/operator#installation-verification[installation verification].
```

Author: thanks! I'll have to change that too in the stateful guide :)

* For application instrumentation details, refer to https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry/blob/main/docs/kubernetes/operator/instrumenting-applications.md[Instrumenting applications with EDOT SDKs on Kubernetes].

> * For customizing the configuration, refer to https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry/tree/main/docs/kubernetes/operator#custom-configuration[custom configuration].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To customize the configuration, refer to https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry/tree/main/docs/kubernetes/operator#custom-configuration[custom configuration].
```
